Tianxin
Thank you
Zhao Lian'an, why are you here?
Why don't you call me Mr. Zhao?
Are you Akin's friend?
Call you Zhao Lian'an more kindly
Miss Xu still has a sweet mouth
Learn
Miss Xu will scrutinize the poison oath
Then you should also know
Zhou's Group has never been the only one to inherit Zhou Yanjing
Mr. Zhou will not accept you either
Are you trying to persuade Akin to go back?
You know
You have a future with Akin
I like you.
I can name you Doorshade openly
Zhao Gongzi, I want to tell you that I only love Zhou Yanjing in my life
Don't worry about other ideas.
Even if he gives me a lifetime
I love you and you love him too
Even if he gives you a lifetime
I love him too.
Fine
Wang Rongchang has returned to Harbor City
He will definitely take revenge on you for what happened before
You two take care of yourself
Who are you?
Brothers
Grandpa, let me take a look
Open your eyes.
Just let me see him, grandpa